hi guys Shambu here back again with some
Skyrim here just with a little how-to
guide and this is just in relation to a
bugged quest in the companions quest
line which basically makes you unable to
complete it at all basically when you
come back from the witches quest you go
in the class tells you that you go on a
quest and then nothing happens and the
companions are stuck at this stage here
in a permanent state of mourning
basically and nothing can happen the
problem arises if you have this quest
I don't know where it's gonna basically
it's there it is find the helm of
winterhold and inside drift shade
sanctuary it's a quest you get from the
Aral of winterhold basically the quest
for the companions is also here and if
you have this one existing you won't be
able to do it so how do you get around
it basically you have to first get rid
of that quest so you do that by going to
your comic console and down the bottom
here you can see it's set stage space
favor FA vo or 1 5 8 space to 0 and
press enter and you'll see that
completes the helm of winterhold
and quest so then to start the next one
you go to the console again set stage
space C 0 5 space 10 and enter and
you'll see started purity of revenge and
everything should be ok so that's it
basically and if you have that trouble
you should see the class appearing
shortly now and as your companion I
don't know where he is
but sometimes he just appears or you
might have to quick travel to get on
with you
I don't know where it is so there you go
that's how you get around that book and
it has been said that it's impossible to
get around without reloading but as you
can see it's quite clearly there so
we'll just go over those commands again
the first one set stage space favored
one five eight space 20 and that's a
favor with no you it's the American
favor and that should complete the helm
with Winterhold quest and then set stage
space seed zero 5 space 10 and enter and
that should start the companion quest
line so hopefully that's a bit of a help
to you and and good luck with your
questing thanks for watching